This time, I’m representing the family
To survey the market in Dōng Hǎi
If we can conquer Dōng Hǎi
Our Pǔ family
Might just top
The global billionaire list
The Pǔ family?
You mean
South Korea’s top chaebol group, the Pǔ family?
If I can snag him
Wouldn’t I be
The most prominent rich lady globally?
Even Qín Ruò Yǔ would have to
Bow and scrape before me
The food at this restaurant
Is absolutely delicious
That looks like sister-in-law
Ignore her
Come on, let’s eat somewhere else
Miss, everything’s going smoothly
Jiǎng Sī Sī has
Accepted his proposal
It won’t be long
Before she dumps Young Master Wú
This Jiǎng Sī Sī
Is truly worthless
She took the bait so easily
But it seems Young Master Wú has noticed
Jiǎng Sī Sī and Pǔ Chéng’s
Secret meetings
Didn’t catch them red-handed?